Okay, so to recap, we have this city size
thing and the town is 1000 residents,
the city is 10,000
the metropolis is 1 million.
So when we are duplicating this branch,
I'm just gonna copy paste this whole thing
and just change those numbers around,
basically.
So, we've got town,
what to do city and also metropolis.
City has a residence of 10,
000s and Metropolis was a million.
And so
here I'm just gonna replace the word here.
I'm gonna say, a city of approximately
that many residents and here a metropolis.
Again, as before, if we wanted to,
we could do some more code sharing here.
But since this is just an exercise,
we're not gonna bother with that.
The main thing to note is that
we now have three branches.
And all three of them are basically the
three different variants of this enough.
We're not using the payloads
in this example.
But if we want to, we could very
well introduce a payload here and
just say like, hey.
Metropolis now has an i64 inside of it,
but we're not gonna bother with that for
this case.
Okay, we're still getting this error here.
And we're gonna fix that by replacing this
city struct with a call to city colon new.
And it takes two arguments, one is a city
size, so I'm gonna pick metropolis.
Why not?
And notice,
my autocomplete here now actually has
the three possible variants here.
So this is something that rust
analyzers aware of it knows well,
there's exactly three different
possibilities that could be here.
So just pick metropolis and
then as in the previous one this time,
I guess I will make it be coastal.
Why not?
So we got a coastal metropolis,
as many of them are I suppose.
Okay, and
now I should be able to run this and
once again we're gonna get some warnings.
We'll come back to those in a second, but
says this city is a metropolis of
approximately a million residents.
Wow.
Okay, now we did see is
coastal is never read here, so
that was a warning there for this thing.
Because in this example we never actually
read the coastal field recall in
the previous example that we
never read the residents field.
Nothing to be concerned about,
solely fine for things to be unused.
But you might also notice that we see this
warning variant is never constructed city
very it is never constructed town.
So actually the warning that we're getting
here is it saying hey, you said these two
are possibilities but in practice, you
never actually use either of these two.
And that's because I chose
metropolis down here.
Now if I change this to city now it's
gonna complain the town of Metropolis
are not used and city was used.
So this is another interesting feature of
enums is that it's a way of expressing
here are all the different possibilities,
but Russ will say.
Hey, if some of these possibilities
never come up in practice,
maybe you might as well
just get rid of them.
Not so that you have to deal with, and
there are ways you can suppress
those warnings if you want to.
But worth noting that one of
the nice things about enums,
is that the compiler is really keenly
aware of these are all the possibilities
that you have to deal with.
There are no other possible
values that we could have for
city size other than the exact
three that you defined here.
>> I was curious if you could illustrate
how we could build like a custom example.
Say it wasn't it didn't fall in either
of those three, and we just wanted
to enter our own resident amount
>> Yeah, sure.
Okay, so I'll add another one, okay.
So I can say area with,
with residents, you 64.
I could do it either like this.
So this would be the struct style or
if I wanted to,
I could put it in parentheses like this.
Now it's kinda interesting to see, whoops,
I do in parentheses and I can't label it.
So I'm going to use it struct style just
because otherwise it's not really clear
what that u64 is doing.
So here it's a little bit clear that's
like, okay, it's the residence count.
So notice that when I do this,
I'm now going to get an error here.
On mass city sites where
it says missing match arm.
Nonexhaustive can't move
my mouse to show you.
But nonexhaustive patterns area dot,
dot, dot, not covered.
Ensure that all possible cases are being
handled, possibly by adding wild cards or
more match arms.
So basically what it's telling me
is like hey you need to either.
Do something like this where I make
this be an underscore that will fix
that problem, and
it won't complain about that anymore.
Or I need to add an explicit match arm for
our new area thing and
I'll say residents okay,
and now I guess I'm just
gonna not bother doing that.
I'm just gonna.
[LAUGH] We've already got the resident
that was stored in there.
And so now I'll just do that,
that's how we do it.
And everything else should work,
although it's gonna complain,
the area's never constructed, but
I guess we want to see that in action.
I could just say, city size area and then
I'd say residents I don't know this is
a really small area five
people in this one.
Okay, and yeah, sure enough it runs
the city is a, I said metropolis in there.
How about an area, there we go.
We run that, so yeah, this city is
an area of approximately five residents.
So there you go.
>> Is there a way to encode values rather
than types in the enum variants if I
wanted to, instead of those comments, I
could sort of say that town is 1000 there
and there's 10,000 or
is that a terrible idea?
And then I could, so
I don't have to define what the numbers
are in a particular implementation
method or you're just saying.
>> Yeah, so the question is like, is there
some way to encode these in the types so
that we don't have to put it in a comment?
Unfortunately, not types, well, okay,
I guess it's like it's really
ridiculously overcomplicated.
Type shenanigans you could engage
in to try and do that, but
I wouldn't recommend it.
I think the short answer
is like I pretty much no,
I think a comment would be the way
to go for something like this.
Or of course you could have
a hard coded constant, but yeah.